Hololens 2
Microsoft HoloLens 2 is one of the incredible mixed reality tools successfully connecting and blending physical and digital worlds together in augmented reality and virtual reality
applications.For such an immersive experience it uses holographic computing. Now to put in layman words producing 3 ,dimensional figures and patterns. Hololens 2 first came into 
existence by one of the brilliant minds, Alex Kipman. These are the new age , robocap like headsets manufactured by Microsoft and MicroVision.inc.
These are not just some dumb heasets givng a 3 dimensional projection of computed images, it rather a huge step towards future. It uses human and environment understanding with 
some pre-installed softwares. Nothing is perfect, it is the consistent effort to be the best, which makes things perfect ; Microsoft is the perfect stand on it. Despite its 
amazing augmented reality tool, which is successfully helping various fields and sectors, they keep on updating it from time to time. Recently the new updates were :-
1. Moving platform mode
2. Moving platform mode MDM policies
3. Moving platform mode SDK

It allows a user to work hands-free and provide undivide, hassle free attention to the work. Some of the features include error freehand tracking, built-in voice commands, eye tracking, spatial mapping, and large field of view. It also allow the ease of use, as it can be easily used monitor and interact with the user's environment.It is not just 
a technology, but an actual ecosystem. This ecosystem is supported with security, reliability, and scalability of Microsoft Cloud.With some outstaanding features like built
in voice command, eye tracking, hand tracking, etc, what is actually needed is the accuracy, and Hololens 2 definately stands on the top of the charts when it comes to accuracy.

Now heading over to the most interesting part

Features and Specifications 
1. Hand tracking -  This is a new generation Hololens 2 technology, allowing direct manipulation i.e. it allows the user to directly interact with the holograms. A user would be 
able to grab, touch, hold the virtual holographic images. The void of feeling the object is almost filled by its other features, giving a more real feel of the environment.  
To achieve this idea into reality, colliders are used on each index finger. 
2. Eye Tracking -  This is a special feature which allows the hand tracking and direct manipulation efficiently, by focussing on the hologram the user desires and reducing the
unnecessary hologram interaction. 
3. Voice- These features allow the user to control the device directly by voice commands, which are connected over the internet with the Cortona Natural Language.
4. 6DoF-  Or known as Six degrees of freedom. Gone are the days 3DoF,now a person can easily interact with various rotations and transitions, thus enabling world scale tracking.

5.  Mapping- This provides detailed representations of the real world surfaces. undoubtly the detailes are something which would stimulate thr emuch needed feel stimulation in 
the user's brain.
6. Mixed Reality Capture- This allows the user to create incredible world class holograms across various platforms.Usually, the mixed reality capture combines the right eye's 
holographic output with the photo/video (PV) camera. These sources combine using the focus point set by the currently running immersive app.
Thus disabling the holograms outside the focus plane to align because of the physical distance between the PV camera and the right display is practically more than necessary.
7. Power- the new generation Hololems 2 have lithium batteries, with very active 2-3 hours life and a standy for about weeks. Isn't it amazing?? Moreover, it is passivley cooled
down rather than traditionally used fans.
8. Fit- It is user friendly not by just some cool new technologies but also due to its flexible and comfortable sizing.
9. Compute and Connectivity- This system if embedded with the latest chp of Qualcomm Snapdragon 850 Compute Platform, thus allowing an 'always on, always connected' experience 
in real time. Moreover, it has a memory of about of about 4GB and storage of about 64 GB. And since this is the age of huge amount of data. need not to worry because the 
microsoft cloud over internet got you all covered (something the user will be getting in these 
robocaps as a preinstalled software.Moreover it has a Second-generation custom-built holographic processing unit.  
10. Audio and Speech- Hololens 2 are also equipped with microphone array - 5 array channel and built in spatial sound, thus allowing efficient voice commands. the 5 array
microphone channels are featured with noise cancelling benefits which aids in reliable recognition of user commands.
11. Sensors- the Head tracking sensors have 4 visible light cameras, and Eye tracking has	2 Infrared (IR) cameras. Moreover with a camera of about 8 MP stills, there is
Inertial measurement unit (IMU) consisting	Accelerometer, gyroscope, magnetometer. All these sensors allow the human and environment interactions at its peak.

12. Display- The world class holographich display needs world class display lenses too. Holoelens 2 has i)Optics which allow See-through holographic lenses (waveguides);
(ii)Holographic resolutionof about 2k 3:2 light engines (iii) Holographic density>2.5k radiants (light points per radian)(iv) Eye-based rendering	Display optimization for 3D 
eye position
13. Pre- Installed Softwares


